Update add-a-custom-remote-script-and-manifests.md (#3899)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kubernetes/cd-kubernetes-category/add-a-custom-remote-script-and-manifests.md

For more information on Helm command flags, go to [Add Helm chart](/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/helm/deploy-helm-charts#add-the-helm-chart).

> ## Custom Remote Manifest with Kubernetes Deployment - Task Breakdown
> 
> Harness performs deployment with two Delegate Tasks. These are jobs that are assigned to the delegate by the Harness manager.  
> 
> 1. Fetch Files
> 2. K8s Rolling Deploy
> 
> **Fetch Files:** This task will go out to the source repository or manifest source fetch the manifests and download them onto the delegate
> 
> **K8s Rolling Deploy:** This task will take the manifests collected from the fetch file task and deploy them into the target Kubernetes cluster
> 
> ### Scenario 1: Fetching Manifest Source (i.e. Artifactory, GitHub) that is on-premise, and the deployment cluster is in the cloud. You have 2 Delegates, 1 for On-Prem and 1 for Cloud
> 
> - The Harness Manager will use the On-Prem Delegate to collect the manifest from the on-prem source and then store it with the deploy task.
> - The Harness Manager will assign the task with the archived manifests to the Cloud Delegate associated with the Cloud Kubernetes Cluster for deployment.
> 
> ### Scenario 2: Fetching Manifest Source (i.e. Artifactory, GitHub) that is on-premise, and the deployment cluster is on-premise. You have 2 Delegates, 1 for On-Prem and 1 for On Premise Kubernetes cluster
> 
> #### Same Delegate has access to on prem remote manifest source and delegate
> 
> - The Harness Manager will assign the fetch file task to the delegate who has access to the custom remote manifest source
> - If that same delegate has access to the on-premise Kubernetes cluster, it will perform a second fetch for any values.yaml needed for deployment and then perform the deployment
> 
> 
> #### 1 Delegate has access to on-prem remote manifest source and 1 delegate to on-premise Kubernetes cluster
> 
> - The Harness Manager will assign the fetch file task to the delegate who has access to the custom remote manifest source
> - The Manifests collected will be archived for the deploy task which will be done by the other delegate who has access to the on-premise Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Task Breakdown of custom remote manifest with Kubernetes deployment

Harness performs deployment with two Harness delegate tasks. These are jobs that are assigned to the delegate by the Harness Manager.  

1. **Fetch Files**: This task goes to the source repository or manifest source to fetch the manifests and download them onto the delegate running in your environment.
2. **Kubernetes Rolling Deploy**: This task takes the manifests collected from the Fetch Files task and deploys them into the target Kubernetes cluster.

### Scenario 1: Fetching on-premise manifest source with cloud target cluster

In this scenario, Harness fetches an on-premise manifest source and the deployment cluster is in the cloud. You have 2 delegates: 1 on-premise and 1 in the cloud.

- The Harness Manager will use the delegate installed in your environment to collect the manifest from the on-premise source and then store it with the deploy task.
- The Harness Manager will assign the task with the archived manifests to the cloud delegate associated with the cloud Kubernetes cluster for deployment.

### Scenario 2: Fetching on-premise manifest source with on-premise target cluster 

In this scenario, Harness fetches a manifest source that is on-premise, and the deployment cluster is also on-premise. You have 2 delegates: 1 for on-premise tasks and 1 for the on-premise Kubernetes cluster.

#### One delegate with access to on-premise remote manifest source and on-premise target cluster

- The Harness Manager will assign the Fetch Files task to the delegate with access to the custom remote manifest source.
- If that same delegate has access to the on-premise Kubernetes cluster, it will perform a second fetch for any values.yaml files needed for deployment and then perform the deployment.

#### One delegate with access to on-premise remote manifest source and one delegate with access to on-premise  target cluster

- The Harness Manager will assign the Fetch Files task to the delegate with access to the custom remote manifest source.
- The manifests collected are archived for the Deploy task that is done by the delegate with access to the on-premise Kubernetes cluster.
```
